Title: Chow Mein Recipe
Chow Mein is a popular Chinese stir-fried noodle dish that combines crispy noodles with vegetables and meat (usually chicken, beef, or shrimp) in a savory sauce. It’s quick, flavorful, and highly customizable!

Ingredients:
For the Noodles:
Chow Mein noodles (or lo mein noodles) - 200g (7 oz)
Sesame oil - 1 tbsp (for stir-frying)
For the Stir-Fry:
Chicken breast (or beef, shrimp, or tofu) - 200g (7 oz), thinly sliced
Bell pepper - 1, thinly sliced
Carrot - 1, julienned or thinly sliced
Cabbage (napa or green) - 1 cup, shredded
Green onions - 2 stalks, chopped
Garlic - 2 cloves, minced
Ginger - 1 tsp, grated
Mushrooms - 1/2 cup, sliced (optional)
For the Sauce:
Soy sauce- 2-3 tbsp
Oyster sauce - 1 tbsp (or mushroom oyster sauce for vegetarian option)
Hoison sauce - 1 tbsp
Sugar - 1 tsp
Rice vinegar - 1 tsp
Cornstarch - 1 tsp (mixed with 2 tbsp water for slurry)
Sesame oil - 1 tsp

Instructions:
1. Cook the Noodles:
Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add the chow mein noodles and cook according to package instructions (usually 3-4 minutes). Drain and rinse under cold water to stop the cooking. Toss with 1 tablespoon of sesame oil to prevent sticking.
2. Prepare the Sauce:
In a small bowl, whisk together soy sauce, oyster sauce, hoisin sauce, sugar, rice vinegar, and sesame oil. Set aside.
3. Stir-Fry the Meat:
Heat 1 tablespoon of vegetable oil in a large wok or skillet over medium-high heat.
Add the sliced chicken (or other protein) and stir-fry for 3-4 minutes until cooked through and lightly browned. Remove from the pan and set aside.
4. Stir-Fry Vegetables:
In the same wok, add another tablespoon of oil if needed.
Add the garlic, ginger, and sliced mushrooms (if using). Stir-fry for about 1 minute.
Add the bell pepper, carrots, cabbage, and green onions. Stir-fry for 2-3 minutes until the vegetables are tender but still crisp.
5. Combine Noodles and Sauce:
Add the cooked noodles and the stir-fried meat back into the wok.
Pour the sauce over the noodles and toss everything together until well coated.
Stir in the cornstarch slurry and cook for another 1-2 minutes until the sauce thickens and everything is evenly mixed.
6. Serve:
Serve the chow mein hot, garnished with extra green onions or sesame seeds, if desired.